README.md, before:

# Cocktails search

![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)

This is a simple full stack application, providing the ability to browse cocktails by letter, by ingredient or by name, save favourite recipes, and view and edit your list of favourites when logged in.

This app uses the free api [TheCocktailDB](https://www.thecocktaildb.com/api.php).
This app is built with React, Node, Express, GraphQL and a MongoDB database.

## Summary

## Screenshot of the application

## Technologies

## Installation

To get this project installed and running, the following steps are required:

### Step 1 - Local Installation

Clone the repository, using SSH keys:

```
git clone git@github.com:Am0031/cocktail-search.git
```

Or using HTTPS link:

```
git clone https://github.com/Am0031/cocktail-search.git
```

Go into the new repository and open the app:

```
cd cocktail-search
code .
```

Install all the required packages. This will install both client side and server side packages:

```
npm install
```

## Contact

Commit message:

added installation step 2 in readme

README.md, after:

# Cocktails search

![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)

This is a simple full stack application, providing the ability to browse cocktails by letter, by ingredient or by name, save favourite recipes, and view and edit your list of favourites when logged in.

This app uses the free api [TheCocktailDB](https://www.thecocktaildb.com/api.php).
This app is built with React, Node, Express, GraphQL and a MongoDB database.

## Summary

## Screenshot of the application

## Technologies

## Installation

To get this project installed and running, the following steps are required:

### Step 1 - Local Installation

Clone the repository, using SSH keys:

```
git clone git@github.com:Am0031/cocktail-search.git
```

Or using HTTPS link:

```
git clone https://github.com/Am0031/cocktail-search.git
```

Go into the new repository and open the app:

```
cd cocktail-search
code .
```

Install all the required packages. This will install both client side and server side packages:

```
npm install
```

### Step 2 - Start the application

The database set up and seeding is triggered as part of the start instruction for the server part.

To open the server, open an integrated terminal at root level and enter the following command:

```
npm run start
```

This will display a confirmation message in the terminal, and your server is now running on port 3001.

To open the client's react app, open a second integrated terminal at client level and enter the following command:

```
npm run start
```

This will display a confirmation message in the terminal, and your react app is now running on port 3000 and will open in your browser and bring you to the home page of your app.

Make sure to keep both terminals open for the app to work.

## Contact
